==Paul McCartney's Basketball Adventure==
==Cameron Smith==
==March 31 2018==

 ---What is it?---
    Paul McCartney's Basketball Adventure is a point and click adventure game where the choices you make
    affect the overworld

    You will be presented with an overworld with 3 different kinds of icons
    The word bubble icon lets you speak with an NPC character
    The question mark icon lets you visit a location, such as a building
    The foot icon lets you travel to a new overworld map

    There are three buttons in the top left.
    The button on the left is the reset game button, which will reset the game.
    The button in the middle is the save game button, which will save your data to your account on the server.
    The button on the right is the log out button, which will log you out.

    There's no real goal of the game, as I never finished the game's scenario.


 ---What I was not able to implement---
    I wasn't able to finish the game's scenario, so the game doesn't have a natural conclusion, 
    because of this, some of the options do not work.
        I was going to give the option to fight Satan once you have defeated 5 enemies, but that wasn't finished
        There was also going to be a good route where you didn't have to kill anyone, but didn't have the time

    This website not very accessible.
        A mobile menu was in development, but due to time restraints, it wasn't finished
            This mobile menu would display all the text and dialogue inside it instead of another menu
        I tried my best to position elements in a presentable way when in mobile view, but it's not perfect.
        I shudder to thinking how this website will look to someone with a screen reader.

    formMenu.php's values are hardcoded in instead of being generated from an external JSON file
        If I were to continue this game, I would fix that, but since I only had a single formMenu option,
        I didn't see much reason to implement something I was only going to use once.

    When navigating between maps, the icons load first before the map is finished loading
        This can be a little confusing or disorientating, so if I were to work on this in the future,
        I would maybe add a loading screen or delay to fix this

    When loading dialogue or a location menu, there is sometimes a delay before the animation stops,
    causing this snap-to-location kind of effect. Sometimes the animation expands the window bigger than what the
    window should be until it snaps back to the proper height. If I were to continue this, I would investigate this further.

    I would also like to implement a function where it will dynamically created a SQL query to save the flags
    depending on the flags you have already created instead of having to manually type out each flag to save.

    When I use my website on Firefox, the images are much crisper. 
    Only problem is that it's very zoomed in, so whenever I close a menu it snaps to the top.
    
    
 ---Setting up the game---
    Make sure to add bootstrap source code to the css and javascript folders respectively
